Add theme sharing tutorial to guide (#3543)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/06_other-tutorials/theming-guide.md

	height="450"
></iframe>

Gradio comes with a set of prebuilt themes which you can load from `gr.themes.*`. These are:

> * `gr.themes.Base()`

Author: Added a blurb on all the themes that ship with gradio

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41651716/226463245-f9c07c85-cc05-4a36-9158-a178297aeaf7.png)

Reviewer: Nice

about changing how previously created apps look. The `version` argument is optional. If omitted, the next patch version is automatically applied.

### Theme Previews

By calling `push_to_hub` or `upload_theme`, the theme assets will be stored in a [HuggingFace space](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/spaces-overview).

The theme preview for our seafoam theme is here: [seafoam preview](https://huggingface.co/spaces/gradio/seafoam).

<iframe
	src="https://gradio-seafoam.hf.space?__theme=light"
	frameborder="0"
	width="850"
	height="450"
></iframe>

### Discovering Themes

The [Theme Gallery](https://huggingface.co/spaces/gradio/theme-gallery) shows all the public gradio themes. After publishing your theme,
it will automatically show up in the theme gallery after a couple of minutes. 

You can sort the themes by the number of likes on the space and from most to least recently created as well as toggling themes between light and dark mode.

<iframe
	src="https://gradio-theme-gallery.hf.space"
	frameborder="0"
	width="850"
	height="450"
></iframe>

### Downloading

> To use a theme from the hub, use the `from_hub` method on the `ThemeClass` and pass it to your app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a theme from the hub, use the `from_hub` method on the `ThemeClass` and pass the name of the theme Space in the format (username/space_name) to your app:
```
